Questions: 
When talking about "static using less memory" - how much memory can we use? How does it impact the code? Is there a limit to the memory?


Watch short videos 
catchup and practise 
Tasks LMS - replit 

Other option is to transfer to the next batch. 


To 

After taking a further and detailed look into the articles contained in the Decleration for Liberty Junction Townhomes, we decided we need to ask many questions before ultimately making a decision to purchase. 
Certian articles contained in the decleration were of an expected nature, however we will lay out the following rules and regulations contained in certain articles which we kindly seek further elaboration and explanation on. 

In regards to the turnover date, the declarant (Pulte) and the association (Liberty Junction Townhomes Owners' Association LLC): 
We understand that after the turnover date, each lot owner will recieve one membership to the association and with it, one vote per lot as a Class A member. In contrast, the document states that the declarant (Pulte) will have Class B membership voting rights, which (although sounding like it may be second to Class A) recieves 10 votes per each lot it owns. Thus, we wish to know how many homes Pulte will keep in its ownership, so that we may know how much this voting structure will impact our rights and subsequent decisions made within the owners association in the future.

Another important point that we have concerns about is in Article 14.6 as it waives our right to an implied warranty. We do find that in the contract to purchase there is a mention of a "Seller's New Home Limited Warranty and Performance Standards (collectively, the "Home Warranty"). However, no such warranty has been presented to us. May we please receive a copy of this warranty as we do not feel comfortable signing anything which waives our right to one warranty without giving us an alternative in writing. 

A couple of other things which we would like more information on is:

During our meeting with your sales staff, we were told that the HOA fee includes landscaping. When we read the document further, we notice in Article 3.2 (iv) that the wording states the association will furnish and cover the cost under Common Expenses for grass cutting and maintenance of grass and landscaping located on the premises; however, the watering of grass, shrubs, trees and other foliage on the premises shall be furnished by the owner and or residents pursuant to rules, regulations and procedures. 
Does this mean that we must do parts of the landscaping ourselves, or will the front of our lot be taken care of fully under the HOA fee that covers the landscaping. 


Furthermore, Article 8.11 states that gas and electric grills may be allowed on balconies and patios, however floor plan regards the outside seating structure as a deck. The article goes further to say that gas and electric grills are not permitted on the deck. So, if they are allowed on balconies and patios, but the homes do not have balconies or patios (as per the floorplan) but rather a deck, does this mean we cannot have a grill on our property? 

Ilias, reagrding payment for me. This is where I find myself in a difficult spot. In order for you to be formally represented, and for me to formally get credit for this sale, I would have to go the fully "proper" route in representing you. This is what my license entails. This means, if you decide to buy this property, and tell them you are being formally represented, they will need your agent representing you at closing, final walk throughs, and these types of situations. In those situations, I am obviously not phisically there to do that, therefore I need to send someone from my brokerage to represent you, which is another reason I have to then go formally through working with my brokerage. Because I need to ask them to use their time and resources in order to come out and phycically be present.
Otherwise, you guys could just keep going with "no representation", and buy with Pulte directly, but I am happy to continue reading things over, highlighting any causes for questions and concerns, and drafting emails for you guys. We then do not have to give me any formal credit for representation, and I would not involve my brokerage (their time and resources) further. I trully, by every means of that word, have absolutely no problem with this!! 
I hate that this is happening because I know how this would have never ever fallen on your shoulders like this if Pulte was being ethical in this process. 
So what we can then do, is maybe this: 
If you decide to go with the Liberty Crossing home, would you like to directly then buy with Pulte? This may be a good option for less heaches in the process. Any correspondence I can then help with. I truly do not feel right taking any money from you because I am not there to do my part in its fullest capacity. Had it been a normal process with Pulte paying the 2.5%, I would have just had my broker come and rep you when I normally could not, and we would have divided the payment from Pulte accordingly. 
I am first a friend to you, and I cannot in good consience, take money from you when I am not there to represent you in the full extent as I normally would if I was there. But as your friend, I truly am more than okay with giving you my insights and opinions for direction so that you can make the best decision moving forward. And, if you should chose to move forward with looking at something else entirely, we can then just make sure we go through my brokerage properly so that any commission paid is by the seller and is then off of your hands and worry. 





Selam Aldijana, 
Imam jos jedno pitanje. Postoji li mogucnost da, ako se Ilias i Dimitra odluce da kupe sa Pulte-om, da nastave sa njima bez agenta, i da tako ne moramo mi kao brokerage vise nista oko ovog transaction, ni za final walkthough, ni za closing. Da sve oni sa njima zavrse. 
Nisam znala da ce se ovo ovoliko iskoplikovati sa ovim Pulte i ne znam sta dalje bilo ko moze uraditi u njihovu korist kao agent kada ovi nece ni platiti, a tesko da ce bilo sta promijeniti i ako dodje do nekog problema, Tako da i njima samo preostaje da se ili odluce za ili ne.  



 



